Basic stat inferences:
Matches seem right skewed as per the mean and median and its skewed by 0.93 which means 
its moderately skewed.
Runs seem a highly right skewed as per mean and median and it's skewed by 1.3 which means 
that there is a tail of skewness in the graph.
df[df['Average']==99.940000] shows Bradman as 99 avg so that is an outlier identified. It has got
a tail as its 2.75 skewed. And the whole graph is right skewed in general.
SRs are right skewed as per mean and median and its skewed by 1.13 which also means there's a tail
100, 50s, 4s and 6s are all right skewed and have a tail but 0 seems central

Kurtosis analysis (tailedness of the data):
In general all the values are fine but average has a kurt of 17 and SR has kurt of 2.33. Ducks 
has a kurt value of -0.25 that means the chances of outliers are very less. 

Boxplot analysis:
All features have little outliers but not outs, runs, balls faced and SR have some outliers to be 
considered. Average has just 1 outlier out of the 1.5 IQR range so it's almost perfect.
Why these outliers?
1. Matches - Sachin, Ponting, Kallis and Waugh had gigantic career span compared to others.
2. Innings - Root and Cook instead of Ponting, Kallis and Waugh because Root and Cook's number of matches
            are just borderline outliers whereas Ponting, Kallis and Waugh matches are also borderlines
            outliers.
3. NO - Chanderpaul, Allan Border and Waugh were all mid order batsmen. This also suggests that 
        batting position for batsmen is missing which is a flaw in the data. Kallis had a big career
        and also has a lot of runs in the later parameter comes under the outlier category which
        suggests that Kallis was a great batsman and also played a lot of matches and balls_faced.
4. Runs - Sachin, Root, Ponting, Kallis and Dravid's matches are close outliers in Matches/Innings 
        as well which is why they have a lot of runs and all of them are top order batsmen which means
        they faced a lot more balls compared to others to score these amount of runs.
5. Avg - Don Bradman, known outlier.
6. SR - Warner, Sehwag, Viv Richards, Gilchrist and Kapil Dev, all of them were openers, except 
        Kapil as he was a middle order batsmen, so a common trend suggests that openers or 1 down
        usually try to play quick in order to score runs faster. This is also the reason why their
        NO is low, playing a high risk high reward game often comes at the cost of an early wicket. 
7. 4s - Sachin and Dravid had a lot of runs and are outlier cases in Runs category as well. If the
        runs are too much, then most of those runs have to be scored in boundaries.

Covariance analysis:
1. Runs have a positive relation with Matches, with more number of Matches, more runs are scored.
2. Same with innings
3. Runs and average also increases in the same direction
4. Runs and balls faced also has a positive relation
5. Runs and SR also have a positive relation
Other noticable inferences:
1. As the number of matches increase, SR and Average also increase
2. As the number of balls faced increase, SR reduction is normal but Average seems to increase as well

Correlation analysis:
1. Runs has a close positive correlation with Matches and Balls faced. They're strongly related to each other.
    The more matches a player plays, the more he is going to add up to his runs and the balls he'll
    face would also increase.
2. Runs has almost no relation with SR which means it has minimal affect on SR.
3. Runs has some positive correlation with Average as well which means that scoring runs would help
    average of a player to increase a bit.
4. The data shows that if number of matches increase then average is not getting affected much. That
    means playing more matches won't help a batsman increase his average.
5. Strike rate has a negative correlation with balls faced which means the lesser balls a player would
    play, the higher the strike rate of that player will be.
6. 6s has a very strong positive correlation with strike rate, 4s also has it but 6s has a stronger relation.
    This means, the more boundaries player hits, the more his SR would go up.
7. Centuries, half centuries, boundaries all show a strong positive correlation which deducts that these
    variables would increase strongly with runs.
